"number"	"text_data_clean"
"ACTRN12613000009718"	"the safety of the device will be measured through the safety data. all adverse events aes will be presented in the the listings. adverse events with a greater-than equal-to 5 percent incidence rate will be presented in the tables. the efficacy endpoints are change from baseline. the primary endpoint mean change will be presented as the mean at baseline mean at end of study eos and a mean change score with a 95 percent ci. the secondary endpoints will be presented as the mean at baseline end of study and mean change only."
"ACTRN12613000016730"	"mixed multivariate analysis-of-variance"
"ACTRN12613000021774"	"the normality of the data will be evaluated by the kolmogorov-smirnov test. when non-parametric distribution differences between-group at baseline will be tested using mann a whitney a s and kruskall wallis test will be used to compare differences between-group after treatment. when parametric distribution differences between-group at baseline were tested using t-test for independent measures and anova group x time adjusted by age of participants was used to compare differences between-group after treatment. chi-squared analysis will be used for categorical variables in any case. a spearman rho correlation will be used to find the relationship between changes in two variables. values will be shown as mean plus-or-minus se and statistical significance was set at p less-than 0.05. all statistical analyses will be performed with spss version 17.0 spss inc. chicago il usa."
"ACTRN12613000024741"	"comparison of mean ask scores pre and post ss and r course intervention."
"ACTRN12613000030774"	"the analysis will be primarily descriptive and will include tabular and graphical summaries of the safety and immunogenicity data supplemented by a complete listing of outcomes for each participant. the sample size chosen will not provide sufficient power to test for differences or similarities amongst the study product urine and recipients. preference will be given to reporting point and confidence interval estimates rather than p-value associated with formal hypothesis testing. all analyses will be regarded as exploratory and any significant findings will be regarded as hypothesis generating rather than hypothesis confirming."
"ACTRN12613000033741"	"data coding and analysis will be carried out by the authors using available software packages. data on screening refusals and drop-out are coded and reported as per consort and primary analyses use intention-to-treat. preliminary analyses check for any baseline or health service utilisation differences that may confound with condition effects later analyses control for these as necessary. categorical and continuous measures of outcome will be examined using mixed or marginal longitudinal models i.e. mixed model repeated measures generalised estimating equation modelling as appropriate. these approaches enable the inclusion of participants with missing data without using inferior techniques such as last observation carried forward when data is missing at random. a a approximately completers a analysis on all participants completing at least 75 percent of the modules will be undertaken as a secondary analysis. in addition comparisons on selected demographic and clinical characteristics will be made between a approximately completers a and those who dropped out of treatment to help detect any biases in outcome measures. the potential effects of a number of covariates and confounders will be modelled in the major analyses e.g. borderline symptoms msi-bpd medication status drug use index oti gender involvement in additional mental health treatments."
"ACTRN12613000034730"	"for this phase ii study the proportion of successes in each of the randomised groups together with the 95 percent confidence intervals will be reported. while there is no intention to make formal comparisons between the groups exploratory comparisons may be conducted to obtain estimates of the plausible range of success rates in order to better inform any subsequent studies. for continuous variables comparisons will be made using the t-test and chi-squared tests will be used for categorical variables. time-to-event will be described using the kaplan-meier and comparisons made using the log-rank test. exploratory analyses examining the impact of other variables will be performed using multiple regression linear logistic and proportional hazards techniques. the variability of pib readings is approximately 5 percent and based and an absolute improvement in the pib score of between 2 percent and 4 percent would still be considered a success as no pib deterioration is considered clinically worthwhile. currently it is anticipated that 1 percent of untreated placebo control participants would demonstrate a success at 13 months. for the intervention to be considered worthwhile to evaluate further in a broader population or larger study this proportion would be required to be at least 7 percent . the primary outcome of this study will be a success as measured by a 4 percent improvement in the baseline pib score and the primary endpoint for the study will be the proportion of successes."
"ACTRN12613000037707"	"analysis-of-covariance procedures will be used to compare post-intervention dependent variable results between-group controlling for the respective baseline score of the analysed variable."
"ACTRN12613000043730"	"the primary analyses will be conducted on an intention-to-treat basis. data will be coded to permit blinding to group allocation in the statistical analysis. frailty criteria will be treated as dichotomous transitioned to frailty that is the number of frailty criteria was 3 or more or did not transition to frailty number of frailty criteria was 0. 1 or 2. other study outcomes as continuous variables. the chi-square test will be used for frailty as a dichotomous variable and linear regression models with baseline values as a covariate will be used for continuous outcomes. we will report between-group differences in percentages or mean with 95 percent confidence intervals at the 4- and 12-month follow-ups. we will test whether the patterns of change in frailty and mobility are modified by the number of frailty criteria present at baseline by including an interaction term of study groups with frailty criteria at baseline in the regression analyses. secondary analyses will also be carried out to explore the effect of different rates of adherence i.e. as a category variable less-than 25 percent 25-49 percent 50-75 percent and greater-than 75 percent on the outcomes in the intervention group at the 12-month follow-up."
"ACTRN12613000046707"	"data will be analysed on an intention-to-treat basis using two-sided tests with p-value less-than 0.05 considered significant. the proportion experiencing a clinically important difference will be compared using the chi-square test at the end of treatment. analysis-of-covariance will be conducted on end of treatment quality of life variables with adjustment for baseline values. continuous variables will be analysed using a generalised linear mixed model glmm with a random intercept for individuals to account for the repeated measurements on individuals. the difference in exacerbation rate between the two groups will be compared using a poisson regression model. the time to first asthma exacerbation will be analysed using kaplan-meier plots and a log-rank test with analysis of instantaneous risk described using a cox proportional hazards model. the proportion of participants with one or more exacerbations will be compared using a chi-square test. the institute a s statistician will supervise these analyses."
"ACTRN12613000049774"	"the study will be evaluated using 3 methods data on vaccine doses administered pre and post interviews and information collected in the survey completed each time a parent is screened."
"ACTRN12613000051741"	"multiple imputation will be used to replace missing data. participants treated for bilateral first metatarsophalangeal joint osteoarthritis will be asked to describe symptoms without specific reference to an individual foot i.e. bilateral pain will be evaluated as one independent sample. descriptive data will be determined. one-way repeated measures analysis-of-variance with bonferroni-adjusted post-hoc tests will be used for comparisons of the outcome measurements of foot pain foot-related disability function and level of physical disability between the initial baseline and the one month and three month primary end-point time-points for normally distributed data. differences in plantar pressures between the shoe only versus shoe plus shoe-stiffening insert at baseline and at 3 months will be assessed using paired samples t-test for normally distributed data. non-normally distributed data will be analysed using non-parametric tests. p-value less-than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant."
"ACTRN12613000057785"	"statistical analysis primary aim the primary comparison will be by intention-to-treat with the outcome cpt-ii iac presented as a mean difference between the two groups ga vs. no ga with a 2-sided 95 percent ci and corresponding t-test. in secondary analyses we will explore the potentially confounding or mediating role of other risk factors such as gender nutritional status as determined by body-mass index percentile lung function as percent predicted adjusted for age and family measures such as conners parent questionnaire family stress scale and ses. further analysis will be conducted to attempt to better define the causal effect of ga e.g. by excluding those children in the standard arm n equal-to 12 who had exposure to ga in the first 2 years of life. secondary outcomes d-kefs brief wasi-ii and cfq-r will be compared between-group in a similar fashion. secondary aim multivariable regression analysis will be undertaken to examine the relationship between the cumulative exposure to ga and each outcome of cpt iac score and the cfq-r emotional and social functioning scales adjusting for covariates basc2 wasi pulmonary function number of ga exposures family stress scale and ses. this analysis will also examine the age of ga exposure since early exposure to ga is expected potentially to have a greater effect on neurodevelopment than later exposure. exploratory aim similar statistical analysis will be performed for the imaging results. analysis will be performed for brain lobes regions of interest and for each voxel with appropriate multiple comparison correction techniques e.g. false discovery rate. results will be displayed on the brain template surface with colour map for p-value and regression coefficients. maximum intensity projection will also be used to display voxel-based morphometry over the whole brain volume."
"ACTRN12613000059763"	"data will be analysed using spss for windows version 18 software spss inc. chicago il. an independent samples t-test will be calculated on all dependent variables to determine if significant differences exist at baseline between the two groups healthy obese versus healthy lean controls. manova grouped for variables of skeletal muscle protein and skeletal muscle mrna will be used to analyse the pre- and post-exercise data to account for any dependent variables that may be related to one another. in addition the use of a manova analysis also prevents the chance of committing a type i error that could result from the use of repeated univariate anova procedures. for all dependent variables repeated measures multivariate analysis-of-variance manova will be utilized. separate t-test on each dependent variable will be conducted as follow-up tests to the manova. to control for alpha inflation of the anova the bonferroni test will be utilized. data will be considered significantly different when the probability of error is 0.05 or less."
"ACTRN12613000060741"	"computerised data analysis will employ spss statistical package for the social sciences. anova will test for differences in continuous variables. the chi-square test will examine differences in independent proportions. kappa analysis will detect the level of agreement between prescribers a clinical judgement and the carat output. logistic regression analysis will identify predictors of clinical events clotting versus bleeding and selection of antithrombotic therapy accounting for the use of the carat. survival analysis will assess mortality rates in both arms. all analyses will be adjusted for the effects of clustering and set at a significance p level of 0.05."
"ACTRN12613000061730"	"the data analysis of this feasibility study will be qualitative and quantitative."
"ACTRN12613000062729"	"statistical analysis was conducted with ibm spss statistics version 20 with the significance level set at 0.05 for all outcome measures. the fisher a s exact test was used for the primary outcome and secondary outcomes a approximately regression of satellite pedal warts a and a approximately complete pedal wart regression a . the a approximately cosmetic outcome of the primary pedal wart a outcome data was analysed with the mann-whitney u-test. the participant pain satisfaction levels and participant opinion of cosmesis outcomes were analysed using descriptive statistics. adverse events from treatment were documented on a case-by-case basis."
"ACTRN12613000068763"	"plot the mean blood levels of nandrolone and testosterone and compare them with our historical data."
"ACTRN12613000069752"	"the intention-to-treat principle will be used for data analysis whereby all participants randomized at the commencement of the trial will remain in the sample for analysis. random effect mixed modelling will be used to determine the effectiveness of the intervention program. the relationship between primary and secondary outcomes and demographic variables will be assessed and where relationships exist the demographic variables will be used as covariates. feasibility and engagement data for the mums step it up program will be descriptively analysed. in addition sub group analysis will be undertaken to determine whether the intervention effectiveness is related to dosage andor compliance."
"ACTRN12613000073707"	"a t-test for paired comparisons will be used to compare pre-test and post-test mean scores."
"ACTRN12613000074796"	"after tests for normal distribution between-group data will be compared using two-way manova. where appropriate within-group data will be analysed using one-way repeated measures anova and additional regression and intention-to-treat analysis will be undertaken. data analysis will be completed by the in house biostatistician who has reviewed the study designsample size."
"ACTRN12613000076774"	"spss"
"ACTRN12613000078752"	"the intention-to-treat itt principle will be applied in all analyses. the primary end-point is the proportion of those dead or dependent as measured on the modified rankin score mrs at 6 months. this will be analysed using an unadjusted logistic regression model. binary secondary outcomes will be analysed similarly with analysis-of-variance t-test used for continuous variables. for the shift analysis of mrs using all seven categories including a latin-small-ligature-oe 6 a for death ordinal logistic regression after verifying the proportional odds assumption will be used."
"ACTRN12613000083796"	"an estimated 80-120 patients will be recruited into this study at least 20 patients in to each of the treatment groups savr transfemoral tavi transaortic tavi and transapical tavi. 20 patients per group provides 90 percent power to detect differences in the incidence of new dwi lesions primary endpoint with two-sided statistical significance of 5 percent assuming overall incidence estimates of 76 percent and 45 percent with tavi and savr respectively as previously reported. multiple regression models will be used to adjust for potential confounders identified based upon clinical importance and statistical selection. the key output will be the estimated difference and 95 percent confidence intervals for the primary group from the multiple regression models. additionally longitudinal analysis will be used to examine all outcomes with repeated data again using multiple regression models. treatment failure and withdrawal will be considered on an intention-to-treat basis with the aim of providing a more realistic estimate of the difference between-group in clinical practice."
"ACTRN12613000087752"	"statistical analysis will be performed using spss software 20.0 and will include descriptive data and means confidence intervals and the standard deviation. a repeated-measures two-way analysis-of-variance anova will be performed to compare between the groups for the primary outcome measurements at different time periods baseline 12-week and 24-week follow-up"
"ACTRN12613000088741"	"data was analysed by spss v. 11.5 and p less-than 0.05 was considered statistically significant"
"ACTRN12613000092796"	"analyses of outcome were based on the intention-to-treat principle and all patients remained in the group to which that they had been randomized. data were analysed using a chi-square test for dichotomized measures or student a s t-test for continuous numeric variables. a cox regression analysis was used to determine survival functions. the level of significance was set at p-value less-than 0.05. we used spss 18.0 for windows ibm newyork for all analyses."
"ACTRN12613000095763"	"data will be analysed in the groups to which patients are randomly allocated ie intention-to-treat analysis. all continuous data will be analysed for normality. descriptive statistics including a measure of central tendency and dispersion mean and standard deviation for normally distributed variables median and inter-quartile-range for skewed data will be reported for all relevant variables. number percentage will be used as an alternative where appropriate. pearson chi-square test will be utilised to analyse categorical data and the mean difference for continuous data will be measured by student t-test normally distributed data or wilcoxon rank sum test skewed data. regression methods logistic regression will be used for categorical data and linear regression for continuous data will be used to explore the relationships between the fluid strategy patients are allocated to and their perioperative course. all of the perioperative factors listed in th outcomes will be considered by fluid strategy allocation. demographic and health factors which may impact on the duration of hospital stay will also be included in the model age bmi ihd ccf hla match diabetes hypertension hyperlipidaemia pre transplant echo pvd. donor source live vs deceased donor cold ischaemia time donor renovascular disease and number of arteries. co-variates from univariate analyses with p-value of less-than 0.2 will be included in the multivariate regression analysis. p-value less-than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant for all analyses."
"ACTRN12613000098730"	"demographic indicators age sex which side was affected symptom duration were collected at baseline. primary outcomes included oswestry disability index and secondary outcomes included patient specific functional scale and numeric pain scale and were collected at baseline 6 weeks and 6 months. to assess baseline differences between intervention and control groups on demographic information and outcomes we will conduct independent samples t-test for continuous variables and chi-square tests for categorical variables. repeated measures anova with three time points for within and between-group differences for outcome measures will be conducted to assess impact of the intervention."
"ACTRN12613000101785"	"calculate non-compartmental pk parameters according to gibaldi and perrier. the primary descriptive and not comparative but will examine the data on a non-inferiority basis."
"ACTRN12613000102774"	"recurrence of bilateral ome for an overall significance level of 5 percent to be maintained each predefined comparison would be compared at the 2.5 percent significance level. these comparisons are as above. 1 the sample size of 190 per arm would have more than 90 percent power to detect a reduction of 17 percent from an average recurrence rate of 27 percent in the ventilation tubes and adenoidectomy arm to 10 percent recurrence in myringotomy and adenoidectomy. this power is assumes a 20 percent loss to follow-up. the study will provide estimates of the rate of recurrence of ome in each group. these figures include the surgical cases in the combined study."
"ACTRN12613000105741"	"demographic and baseline outcome measures will be compared. an anova or suitable non-parametric test will compare outcome measures between-group. analysis will be by intention-to-treat and per-protocol."
"ACTRN12613000106730"	"patients will be registered in the study until 16 post-induction pet evaluable patients have been included. 16 patients provides 80 percent power with type i error of 5 percent for a one-sided exact test for proportion assuming a conversion rate of at least 50 percent as worthy of further evaluation and a conversion rate of 20 percent or lower as unacceptable. assuming conservatively that 25 percent of the patients will be pet after re-induction and 20 percent of pet patients will not be considered evaluable 80 patients are expected to be registered on study."
"ACTRN12613000108718"	"preliminary statistical analyses will be undertaken to check for baseline group differences on demographic primary and secondary outcome variables using one-way analysis-of-variance and chi-square analyses. intent-to-treat strategies will be used for the main analyses. to determine whether there are group differences on the primary and secondary outcome measures at 1 3 6 and 12 months a series of mixed effects model repeated measures analyses of variance mmrm will be employed. the within-group factor will be time baseline 1 3 6 and 12 months and group will serve as the between-subject factor. this technique will control for potential confounding variables such as gender age injury severity and other drug use."
"ACTRN12613000109707"	"data to be analysed primary outcome measures differences in motor impairment scores in the short immediate and long term 3 months after the intervention period. mep amplitude single and paired pulse paradigms will also be compared to determine if there was an effect on interhemispheric inhibition between hemispheres and whether there were significant differences in the amplitude prior to and following treatment between the treatment group and sham stimulation. secondary outcome measures to determine and document changes in functional independence mood spasticity and general neurological impairment. analysis populations both groups will be included in each component of the analysis. the trial will yield an intention-to-treat population all those who have completed part of the 10 treatment sessions and a per-protocol population all those who have completed without a protocol violation. withdrawals protocol violations broken blinding withdrawal in the participants interest etc participants who withdraw for any reason will be considered a latin-small-ligature-oe intention-to-treat a cases. this study will aim to analyse all available data. the last observation on treatment will be carried forward and substitute for the closest observation post 1 post 2 or post 3 outcome measures. in case of a medical emergency where the treatment requires knowledge of the intervention type cathodal stimulation or sham stimulation the principal investigators may break the randomization code for that participant. this event will be treated as a serious adverse event. statistical analysis summary statistics such as means and standard deviations will be calculated for all variables. comparisons between the two treatment groups will be made using standard analyses such as repeated measures before treatment immediately after and at 3 months post treatment. demographic variables such as age severity of upper limb impairment hand dominance and stroke location affected hemisphere and corticalsub-cortical will be considered as confounders when conducting any statistical analysis. interim analyses not applicable"
"ACTRN12613000113752"	"continuous outcomes e.g. symptom severity will be analysed with random-effects regression models accommodating time independent and dependent covariates fixed and random factors and incomplete data. categorical outcomes e.g. diagnostic status will be analysed using contingency tables and logistic regression survival analysis cox regression kaplan-meier Product-limit will predict time-to-recovery of the index depressive episode. consistent with consort standards shulz et al. 2010 moher et al. 2010 all primary analyses to address our major hypotheses will adhere to intention-to-treat principles and will involve planned contrasts of the coached intervention condition vs. control condition. we will explore baseline and clinical characteristics associated with depression outcomes acceptability program usage and usability."
"ACTRN12613000115730"	"all analyses will be two-tailed with a significance level of a equal-to 0.05. data will be assessed for normality and analysed using either parametric or non-parametric statistics as appropriate. summary statistics will be obtained to describe the demographic and clinical profiles of the intervention groups at baseline and 3 months. the effect of interventions on the outcome variables will be assessed by comparing the change scores for the participants with repeated measures mixed models and effect size analyses. all models will adjust for any other important confounders that are shown to exist."
"ACTRN12613000117718"	"student t-test and chi-square"
"ACTRN12613000118707"	"subjects will be grouped together n equal-to 8 in each dose cohort for safety and pharmacokinetic analyses. analysis of relationships between dose plasma selenium concentration and changes in pharmacodynamic markers in the different groups will be conducted using repeated measures analysis-of-variance methods or linear mixed modelling methods. fisher a s exact test will be used to compare frequency of adverse events."
"ACTRN12613000120774"	"baseline characteristics baseline characteristics were compared between-group using independent t-test analysis for continuous variables and chi-square or fisher a s exact test for categorical variables. study intervention between-group ginger vs placebo comparisons were performed using independent-samples t-test for quantitative variables. chi-square and fisher a s exact test was performed for categorical variables."
"ACTRN12613000125729"	"initial analysis will examine baseline characteristics of all women as an indication that the treatment groups were comparable for selected variables including age parity and bmi category. primary and secondary outcomes will be analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. differences between trial arms will use the chi-squared statistic for categorical outcomes and student a s t-test for continuous outcomes and 95 percent confidence intervals will be reported. appropriate regression models will be employed controlling for co-variates. the fidelity of the intervention will be assessed and reported and the feasibility of the intervention will be considered in the process evaluation that will include the experience of participants and general practioners practice nurses."
"ACTRN12613000126718"	"analysis of the primary outcome will be conducted using general linear model procedures accounting for the crossover design of the study."
"ACTRN12613000127707"	"the statistical power for this study will be based on measurements of endothelial function and sns. as participants will be their own controls a sample size of 29 will ensure a power of 90 percent and a type-I error to detect an effect on rhi of at least 22 percent difference 0.4404 with a standard deviation of 0.5753. thirty five participants will be recruited to allow for drop-out. a sample size of 21 subjects per treatment arm will have an 80 percent power to demonstrate a difference in msna of 20 percent or greater a equal-to 0.05. hence allowing for possible procedural failure and participant withdrawal from the study 35 subjects will be recruited. moreover treatment effects on msna endopat emps will be analysed using a 2-way anova one between-group factor being cases versus controls and one within-subject factor being salt supplement versus placebo."
"ACTRN12613000128796"	"descriptive statistical analyses will be performed for all study endpoints. given the exploratory nature of this study additional analyses may be conducted. these analyses will be described in detail in the final statistical report. summary statistics will include counts and percentages for categorical variables and the number of participants mean standard deviation sd median minimum and maximum for continuous variables."
"ACTRN12613000130763"	"intention-to-treat analysis will be performed. data will be presented as means plus-or-minus sd. the kolmogorov-smirnov goodness-of-fit test will be used to test for normal distribution. differences of means between-group will be analysed by the student t-test or the non-parametric equivalent. correlation analyses will be performed using the pearson correlation coefficient. significance of changes during the study will be assessed by comparing 1 change of means between baseline and end of study within each group by paired t-test 2 percentage of change from baseline to the end of the study between the intervention and the control groups by the mann-whitney u-test and 3 differences between the means of both groups at the end of the study by unpaired t-test. significant differences will be defined as a value of p less-than 0.05 based on two-sided tests. effect sizes including 95 percent confidence intervals will be calculated for all significant outcomes. data analysis will be performed using spss 20.0 software spss chicago il."
"ACTRN12613000131752"	"shapiro-wilk test was performed in order to reveal constant variants a distributions. for constant variants descriptive analysis involved mean a plus-or-minus standard deviation or median minimum-maximum values and for the categorical variants involved values of number of cases and percentages percent . significance of differences of mean values tested by student a s t-test while significance of differences of median values tested by mann-whitney u-test. categorical variants analysed by pearson a s chi-square or fisher a s chi-square test. repeated measurements including heart rate mean arterial pressure saturation and tof data were evaluated by variant analysis of repeated measurements. greenhouse-geisser method was performed in order to detect differences among groups in terms of follow-up durations and characteristics. since p less-than 0.05 was accepted as error value bonferroni correction was performed to avoid type-I mistakes in all multiple comparisons."
"ACTRN12613000133730"	"the final analysis will be based on patient data collected through study discontinuation or study termination. all analyses will be based on the safety-evaluable population which is defined as all patients who receive any amount of hmpl-504. all summaries will be presented by assigned dose level."
"ACTRN12613000137796"	"generalized estimating equations will be used to evaluate the differential effects of the trial conditions on the outcomes."
"ACTRN12613000140752"	"binary logistic or repeated measure ancova for analysis of groc questionnaire scores and strength measurement. baseline measurement as covariates."
"ACTRN12613000141741"	"descriptive analysis will be carried out to show the frequencies of maternal and fetal complications which will be reported as rates or means and 95 percent confidence intervals."
"ACTRN12613000142730"	"spss software will be used"
"ACTRN12613000144718"	"kappa analysis and free text observational notes"
"ACTRN12613000145707"	"data will be analysed using the statistical package for social science v18.0 spss in consultation with the statistician."
"ACTRN12613000147785"	"a generalised linear mixed model will be utilised to analyse the mindfulness intervention effects and the group differences."
"ACTRN12613000149763"	"data will be statistically described in terms of mean -standard deviation or frequencies number of cases and percentages when appropriate. data will be tested for normality using kolmogorov-smirnov test. comparison between the two study groups will bedone using student t-test for independent samples. p-value less-than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant. all statistical calculations will be done using computer programs spss statistical package for the social science spss inc. chicago il usa version 15 for microsoft windows"
"ACTRN12613000152729"	"pre-post within-subject design"
"ACTRN12613000155796"	"the number of participants n equal-to 16 required for this study is based on statistical analysis power 0.8 p less-than 0.5 sas for windows of previous studies performed by our group using fp to study human vascular reactivity."
"ACTRN12613000157774"	"strength balance and factors investigated in skeletal muscle will be compared via mixed linear modelling. this allows comparison between injured and uninjured legs as well as between acl injury and control participants. pearson correlation will be used to test association between strength and balance with muscle biochemical factors such as na k atpase."
"ACTRN12613000159752"	"in a trial performed at the royal women a s hospital recently - a randomized trial of stylets for intubating newborn infants 228 intubations by registrars were examined of which 115 were successful on first attempt 50 percent . assuming a success rate of 50 percent in the control group a sample size of 103 and 103 for the two groups would have a power of 80 percent to detect a 20 percent absolute difference in success rates between the groups 50 percent versus 70 percent . the data will be presented as mean standard deviation for normally distributed variables and median inter-quartile-range when the distribution is skewed. the clinical characteristics and outcome variables will be analysed by using the student t-test for parametric and mann-whitney u-test for non-parametric comparisons of continuous variables and chi-square for categorical variables. p-value will be 2-sided and p-value of less-than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant."
"ACTRN12613000161729"	"analysis by intention-to-treat"
"ACTRN12613000165785"	"descriptive and inferential statistical percent of participants with grade 2 3 or 4 skin toxicity will be calculated with 95 percent confidence limits. test primary hypothesis by difference in proportions of participants with grade 2 or greater skin toxicity using chi-square statistic and relative risk estimates. secondary analyses prevalance estimates of pain and other parameters. independent associations between covariates and outcomes and multivariate logistic regression analysis for outcome clinically significant rid and the key covariates to determine risk factors for rid."
"ACTRN12613000167763"	"continuous outcomes will be summarised with mean standard deviation and other relevant statistically summaries. when not normally distributed medians and quantiles will be reported. a confidence interval approach may be used if appropriate to compare outcomes with historical information. ."
"ACTRN12613000169741"	"mixed model analysis with repeated measures"
"ACTRN12613000170729"	"patients recruited to this a approximately extension a protocol are a approximately self-selecting a including only patients who satisfactorily complete the main study and therefore the non-randomised uncontrolled nature of the investigation and the potential biasing influences contributing to any statistical analysis are recognised. all patients will primarily be included and analysed as a single treated group vel015 10 mg tds according to the treatment received in the extension and not in the main study. all analyses will involve statistical hypothesis testing or modelling. emphasis will be placed on point estimates and 95 percent confidence intervals of the treatment effect rather than p-value. all analyses are considered exploratory and any conclusions will be viewed cautiously. however the study will contribute to knowledge of the a approximately disease modifying a potential and safety profile of the compound. no interim analyses will be performed and the analyses performed at the end of the study reporting p-value will use a 5 percent 0.05 two-sided significance level. no adjustment for multiple testing will be made."
"ACTRN12613000171718"	"independent samples t-test andor anova"
"ACTRN12613000173796"	"repeated measures and between measures analyses of varianve anova will be used to examine differences in outcomes measures impact of event scale inventory of complicated grief quality of life scale depression anxiety stress scales across time pre-treatment mid-treatment and post-treatment and condition control emdr treatment and cbt treatment respectively. post-hoc comparisons will be conducted to explore any significant differences using paired sample t-test two-tailed. similarly repeated measures and between measures anova will be used to examine differences in behavioural outcomes as measured by behavioural questionnaire across time each week for seven weeks and condition control emdr treatment and cbt treatment respectively. again post-hoc comparisons will be conducted to explore any significant different using paired sample t-test two-tailed."
"ACTRN12613000174785"	"inferential statistics will be used to determine if there is a statistically significant improvement in the primary and secondary outcome measures."
"ACTRN12613000179730"	"analyses will be conducted at the participant level but appropriately adjusted for clustering of participants within aged care faciities using mixed models. a logistic mixed model will be used to analyse the number of residents that fall during the study period binary outcome. the number of falls a count outcome will be analysed using a poisson mixed model. the cost-effectiveness dollar aud component will be presented as net costs and benefits for intervention and usual care aged care facilities. the cost of the intervention will be measured along with any cost-savings due to avoided health care utilisation. the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio will also be calculated relative to the control group cost per quality of life year - qaly. to perform this analysis the health benefits associated with the program will be estimated using the sf-36 a preference-based single utility measure using australian preference weights will be derived from these data."
"ACTRN12613000180718"	"spss will be used"
"ACTRN12613000182796"	"as this is a feasibility study and the endpoints do not require a quantified definition of success no statistical analysis will be undertaken. the data resulting from this study will be summarized and interpreted by the sponsor using interim assessments in addition a final report will be generated after all data are collected."
"ACTRN12613000184774"	"- measures of central tendency and variability will be used for descriptive data that is normally distributed. - medians and the inter-quartile-range will be used to describe data that is not normally distributed. - frequency distributions and percentages will be used to describe categorical data. - differences between-group at baseline will be examined using the t-test for independent groups. - outcome differences between-group differences over time and any differential treatment effect at different points in time will be examined using repeated measures analysis-of-variance."
"ACTRN12613000186752"	"as the primary outcome measure is feasibility of recruitment and screening of children who have cord blood cb stored the results will be reported using descriptive statistics. specifically we will determine - response rate to recruitment from families whose child has cb stored at private cord banks comparison of estimated versus actual numbers. - number of children with cb who have a first or second degree relative with t1d - number of children with cb who have previously been screened for islet autoantibodies. these data will inform sample size calculations and expected response rates the proposed randomised controlled trial. interim analysis of these data will occur once the targeted group for screening have been approached and responded at approximately 10 years into the study."
"ACTRN12613000191796"	"this is a pilot trial to describe the variability of weight regain in these two different maintenance diets following a very low energy diet. recruitment will enrol a maximum number of participants within a target period of six months. no power calculations have been conducted as this is a pilot trial however we anticipate that 20 people will be recruited for each study arm for a total of n equal-to 40 over the 6 month recruitment phase. data will be analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. mixed model analyses of variance will be used to test each diet treatment effect. treatment will be the fixed effect and individual patients the random effect. main effects for the trial will be regarded as statistically significant when p less-than 0.05. 95 percent confidence intervals will be used to analyse weight rebound in order to measure the variability associated with weight regain."
"ACTRN12613000192785"	"this is a mixed methods study where the quantitative data from the two questionnaires and the diaries will be merged with the qualitative data from the open-ended items in the questionnaires and the semi-structured interviews. the quantitative data will be analysed using spss - general linear model multivariate analysis-of-variance t-test and chi-square. the qualitative data will be thematically analysed."
"ACTRN12613000193774"	"bivariate correlations pearson a s r relationship between two variables 0-1 t-test assess whether means of two groups are statistically different from each other chi-square significant difference between the expected frequencies and the observed frequencies in one or more category repeated-measures analyses of variance anova spss 18.0 when several measurements are taken on the same experimental unit ie. treatment"
"ACTRN12613000195752"	"descriptive statistics the continuous variables will be presented as means sd or as percentages. interim analysis after analysing three patients in this pilot study results will be analysed. the main parameter which will be analysed is maximal urine osmolality. the maximal urine osmolality after acetazolamide treatment will be compared with the maximal urine osmolality before the acetazolamide treatment. after finishing the study maximal urine osmolality after acetazolamide treatment will be compared with the maximal urine osmolality before the acetazolamide treatment by using a paired t-test p-value less-than 0.05 will be considered significant."
"ACTRN12613000197730"	"90 percent confidence intervals for the mean ratios calculated using the residual variance from an anova of log transformed values. the anova model will include terms for participant period and formulation."
"ACTRN12613000198729"	"descriptive statistics will be used. quantitative variables will be described in terms of median minimum and maximum for each cohort dose level and in terms of mean median quartiles minimum and maximum for the overall population. qualitative variables will be presented in terms of frequency for each cohort and overall."
"ACTRN12613000200785"	"continuous variables will be summarized by means standard deviations medians and ranges. categorical variables will be summarized by frequencies and percentages. in order to assess comparability of treatment groups subject demographics and other baseline characteristics will be tabulated separately by treatment group."
"ACTRN12613000208707"	"participants in the intervention and control were compared on all demographic biochemical lifestyle and psychological measures using t-test or non-parametric tests as appropriate. data missing from complete questionnaires were excluded from analysis and indicated by reduction of sample size. effectiveness of intervention was analysed using analysis-of-covariance ."
"ACTRN12613000209796"	"the primary analyses will be on an intention-to-treat itt analysis. secondary analyses on patients who complied with treatment are potentially informative and will be considered. for longitudinal outcomes generalized linear mixed models will be preferred as they accommodate data that is missing at random. at individual time-points missing data will probably necessitate multiple imputation and such analyses will be examined under multiple approaches to examine for sensitivity to method."
"ACTRN12613000213741"	"a departmental statistician will be engaged to assist with statistical analysis. statistical analysis will be carried out using ibm spss statistics 19 for windows spss inc. an ibm company 2010."
"ACTRN12613000214730"	"to detect the minimum clinically important difference in snot-22 score of 9 points between-group with 80 percent power alpha of 0.05 and a sd of 11 based on pilot data in 23 rpa patients meeting the eligibility criteria we calculated we would need a total of 25 participants per group. a total of 56 participants will allow for 10 percent loss to follow-up. continuous outcomes will be analysed as mean between-group differences with 95 percent cis or using the mann-whitney u-test if data are not normally distributed. adverse events will be analysed as relative risks. all analyses will follow intention-to-treat."
"ACTRN12613000217707"	"all analyses will be conducted on an intention-to-treat basis where outcome data is available."
"ACTRN12613000218796"	"linear mixed model analyses will be conducted for each outcome where assessments data broken into 7 week blocks are nested within the residents residents are nested within sites and sites are nested within-cluster and each are treated as random effects indicating that they are representative of a broader population of time points residents and nursing facilities. the intervention will be considered as a fixed effect i.e. that it has not been drawn from a broader population of interventions rather that it is a specific intervention of interest. two styles of analysis will be undertaken. the first will only involve data from the stepped-wedge cluster rct design. the a latin-small-ligature-oe roll-out a block for each site and the 9 week block following this will be excluded from the analysis in each case as although the intervention has commenced at each site it is not yet fully instituted this time that will be excluded from the analysis is not included in the 504 day time period of the stepped-wedge trial. a total of 18 weeks of block-out time is required to ensure that there is sufficient time for staff at each site to be trained for a suitable general practitioner to be recruited for them to give notice for leaving their previous employment and commencing at the research site. intervention by time interaction effects will also be examined. secondary analyses will be conducted that incorporate 12 months of retrospectively collected pre-trial data and 12 months of prospectively collected post-trial data. economic analysis the health economics analyses will include investigations of reductions in direct medical costs foreseen due to changes in the rates of hospital admissions infections er visits afterhours consultations medication usage all types including antibiotics psychotropic analgesic etc. and supplemental feeds and reductions in indirect costs due to lost productivity that are envisaged with increased staff satisfaction leading to decreased sick leave and staff turnover as well as decreased time spent on resolution of care and gp-related complaints. these costs will offset to some extent the salary costs of employing resident gps. medicare billing for consultations and procedures will similarly be quantified to calculate additional offset of salary costs. health economics analyses will include the evolution of direct and indirect costs for intervention versus control over time. units of resource consumption will be combined with australian unit costs to calculate direct medical costs. for example published pharmaceutical benefits scheme medication cost data will be combined with medication usage data from patient records to calculate costs of medications. medical benefits scheme item numbers and reimbursement values will be combined medical consultations procedures and investigations to calculate the total costs of these items. in the case of hospitalizations several methods will be employed. as a first pass australian diagnosis-related group costs will be used based on the diagnosis of the condition that led to a hospital separation. a weakness of doing this is that for aged care residents the average length of stay is likely to be higher than the average length of stay used to calculate the a-drg costs. to address this the number of days in hospital will be recorded by bupa for each hospitalization separation. this information is currently already captured in the patient records. this information will be used to up-scale the hoteling and other relevant part of the drg cost where appropriate to partially account for the higher costs of aged care residents a hospitalisation costs. the benefits of this approach are 1. that it will utilize routinely collected information easily available to bupa without having to gain patient consent as would be required if a detailed hospital patient record analysis was performed 2. and as the information is already currently collected by bupa there will be no additional research costs. to further account for uncertainty relating to hospitalization costs sensitivity analysis will be performed using different hospitalization-related cost assumptions varying costs within plausible ranges. the impact of doing this on the total costs for the intervention and control arms will be assessed. changes in indirect costs due to lost staff productivity will be assessed using human resource data routinely collected by bupa. days off work will be combined with daily salary to estimate the value of lost productivity from sick leave. descriptive and comparative statistical analyses will be performed. cost-consequence analyses will summarize the direct indirect and total costs per resident in each treatment arm as well as the differences in these costs between each treatment arm. further analyses may include cost-benefit ratio return on investment and incremental cost-effectiveness ratio. as health utility data have not been and will not be collected it will not be possible to calculated costs per quality-adjusted life years gained."
"ACTRN12613000220763"	"in phase 1 40 participants we will describe the population detail the time spent and number of movement repetitions performed in each game their view of its acceptability and any safety issues. non-parametric statistics will be used to explore utility according to functional impairment at time of testing based on participants a motor assessment scale. in phase 2 16 participants in addition to the summaries performed in phase 1 we will describe the participants a changes in balance and mobility over the 8 sessions. independent t-test or mann-whitney u-test will be used to compare normally and non-normally distributed data respectively. repeated measures analysis-of-variance anova will be used to compare changes over time and between-group changes in data for the outcome measures. the level of significance will be set at 0.05."
"ACTRN12613000226707"	"denial substance use behavioural disengagement and self-blame subscales of the brief cope were coded as maladaptive coping. distraction active coping emotional support instrumental support venting positive reframing planning humour acceptance religion were coded as adaptive coping. normality was checked using the kolmogorov-smirnoff a s test. descriptive statistics including means sd medians inter-quartile ranges counts and proportions were used to describe the study population in the two treatment arms at baseline. univariate comparisons were conducted with the t-test and the paired t-test on the stai the brief cope and the brief whoqol main scales as they were normally distributed. brief cope a s individual subscales were not normally distributed and univariate comparisons were done with the mann-whiteney and wilcoxon signed-rank tests. the analysis of co-variance was conducted to compare the two treatment groups in anxiety coping and quality of life post intervention and adjusted for baseline. the level of significance for all the comparisons was set as less-than .05."
"ACTRN12613000227796"	"the incidence of phantom limb pain at 5 days 6 months and one year would be compared with chi-squared testing for categorical data phantom limb pain present a yes or no. the pain scores and fentanyl consumption would be described in terms of mean standard deviation and range and compared with student a s t-test for comparing numerical data."
"ACTRN12613000228785"	"the primary outcome of this study is the time to fragility fracture and the secondary outcome is falls. the incidence rate of outcomes will be expressed as the percentage of events per years of follow-up taking into account the censorship of follow-up data. kaplan a meier estimates will be used to obtain the proportion of subjects who would have an event during the follow-up period. the cox a s proportional hazards model will be used to examine the effect of intervention on fracture risk according to the intention-to-treat principle. occurrences of outcomes will be compared with the use of hazard ratio and 95 percent confidence limits. since the events of fracture and fall are expected to be correlated i.e. most fractures result from falls we will use the multi-state cox-markov model to account for the correlation. the r statistical environment will be used for the statistical analysis. we will apply modern statistical methods to deal with attrition in this cluster randomised clinical trial. two main methods for dealing with missing outcomes are bayesian analyses and imputation. in the bayesian approach we will generate the posterior distribution of outcome using monte carlo methods. combining this estimate with the known outcome provides a numerator for estimating the incidence of fractures and falls. under certain assumptions about the missing data it has been shown that valid inferences can be obtained through a bayesian analysis. in the imputation approach missing data will be imputed with one or more suitable estimates prior to the analysis according to the methods described by little and rubin. the distribution of continuous covariates e.g. bone turnover markers will be checked for normality by the standard shapiros statistic test. differences in baseline covariates between treatment groups will be tested by unpaired t-test for continuous variables or binomial test for categorical variables. the effect of intervention on variables e.g. bone remodelling will be analysed by the mixed-effects model in which the change in bone markers will be modelled as a function of treatment group time of follow-up and covariates. the r statistical package will be used for the mixed-effects analysis. data were presented as mean a plus-or-minus sd unless stated otherwise. the p-value less-than 0.05 is considered statistically significant but values less-than 0.1 will be reported to indicate trends."
"ACTRN12613000229774"	"rong-yang-jyh-gan-tang therapy between the treatment group and the placebo group with sex stratified analysis for comparison of serum liver transaminases and hcv viral load reduction ratio uses fisher a s exact test. traditional chinese medicine tcm syndromes fatigue scale and 36-item short form health survey sf-36 quality of life scale improvement between the two groups use fisher exact test by categorical variables and use the mann-whitney u-test by quantify variables. values of serum liver transaminase hcv viral load that patients treat with rong-yang-jyh-gan-tang and other quantitative indicators use wilcoxon signed-rank test analysis and categorical variables use mcnemar chi-square test analysis."
"ACTRN12613000232730"	"descriptive statistics to examine characteristics at baseline and 2x2 anova to test whether the trial affected iron status knowledge or intake."
"ACTRN12613000234718"	"the study groups arms will be assessed at time of allocation for homogeneity in key socio-demographic characteristics and immutable factors eg gender age schooling postcode diagnosis and all baseline outcome measures. change over time in each outcome measure will be calculated using repeated measures anova models with study contact point group and key demographic features as independent variables. partial least squares models pls using pathway analysis will be applied to the multiple outcome immutable and mutable independent variables at each time point to determine different spatial arrangements and the significant factors which impact on data clusters."
"ACTRN12613000237785"	"a range of pro-inflammatory cytokines have previously been demonstrated to increase following exposure to leukodepleted unwashed packed red blood cells. however there is inconsistency in the timing of post-transfusion measurement in the literature. il-17a has been shown to be increased at multiple time-points post-transfusion therefore the current studies sample size was based on the delta change the difference between post- and pre-concentrations in il-17a from pilot data in 40 extremely preterm newborns exposed to unwashed packed red blood cells. the mean delta change was 15.3 pgml with a standard deviation of 13.1 pgml. it was calculated that a sample size of 77 newborns per group would provide 90 percent power to detect a group difference of 66 pgml on-half of a sd of the mean il-17a with an alpha equal-to 0.05. since it could not be determined prospectively which newborns would be transfused enrolment exceeded that necessary for the sample size calculation to ensure adequate power for the primary aim in transfused subjects. very preterm newborns will have a median number of 3-5 transfusion exposures during their primary hospital admission. therefore transfusion associated changes in circulating cytokines and markers of endothelial activation for the first 4 transfusions . analysis will be conducted blinded to study allocation. as the plasma cytokine concentrations are not normally distributed the friedman test will be used to assess differences between baseline cytokine concentrations prior to each transfusion exposure with the alpha level set at 0.01 to adjust for multiple comparisons. differences in pre- and post-transfusion levels of plasma cytokines will be assessed using the wilcoxon signed-rank test with the p-value less-than 0.05 considered significant. where the pre- post-transfusion change is significant for both unwashed and washed groups the magnitude of the difference delta change between the groups will be compared by mann-whitney u-test. delta changes in plasma cytokines and markers of endothelial activation in each group across the transfusion exposures will be analysed using a linear mixed model. heterogenous compound symmetry will be used as the repeated covariance type and lsd as the confidence interval adjustment to compare changes within treatment groups. to investigate whether transfusion related changes in cytokines and markers of endothelial activation were influenced by gestational age sex age at first transfusion and pre-transfusion haemoglobin these variables will be included as co-variates. temporal changes in the cardiovascular and respiratory parameters which comprise the secondary outcomes will be analysed using linear mixed models with transfusion pack type unwashed or washed used as a fixed factor and post-hoc paired t-test with a bonferroni correction. the health economic analysis will not be conducted due to lack of funding. the study will therefore only have the existing primary and secondary clinical outcomes"
"ACTRN12613000238774"	"data will be analysed using mixed model manova to test for differences between control and experimental conditions in levels of mindfulness. second to investigate whether components of mindfulness predict levels of distress and avoidance behaviours general linear model analyses will be conducted. thirdly to determine whether mindfulness moderates the relationship between distress and avoidance behaviours logistic regression will be conducted with possible demographic confounds age and sex entered in the first step measures of distress andor avoidance behaviours entered in the second mindfulness entered in the third step and finally interactions between standardised distress avoidance andor mindfulness components in the final step allowing a test of whether mindfulness components moderate the link between the distress and avoidance behaviours in cancer patients."
"ACTRN12613000239763"	"small phase 2 study that will use primarily descriptive statistics."
"ACTRN12613000240741"	"fisher exact tests acceptable group treatment difference of 15 percent based on previous literature to calculate ci 95 percent"
"ACTRN12613000241730"	"problematic to all available single-centre pharmacokinetic studies in intensive care units is a lack of statistical power caused by a low throughput of patients per intensive care unit as well as extreme interpatient pharmacokinetic variability. for this reason multiple intensive care units with experience in pharmacokinetic studies need to be coordinated to enrol patients to achieve acceptable statistical power. the significant variability of antibiotic exposures in intensive care units patients receiving renal replacement therapy is due to the complex interaction of multiple renal replacement therapy modalities and setting and patient factors. a robust analysis of a large data set of patients receiving different forms of renal replacement therapy and the associated clinical and pharmacokinetic changes over time will enable description of the pharmacokinetic distribution and variability in this patient population. as the fundamental requirement in this study is to determine the distributions of pharmacokinetic parameters the power analysis is aimed at establishing the confidence boundaries of individual pharmacokinetic parameters under different renal replacement therapy modalities and settings. to construct a 95 percent confidence boundary of clearance with standard deviation as high as 2.5 lhr with 80 percent power we need 45 patients a data for a particular renal replacement therapy modality. for the three modalities we need a minimum of 150 patients per antibiotic. our total sample is 450 patients to allow for potential attrition."
"ACTRN12613000242729"	"paired t-test"
